[Integration][Bitbucket] Added pull request blueprint and mapping to default resources (#1554)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/bitbucket-cloud/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 0.1.6 (2025-04-10)

### Improvements

> - Added pull request as a default resource and updated the integration spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added pull request as a default resource 
- Improved descriptions for configurations defined in `spec.yaml`
```
